c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\obj\Debug\TaskQuest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\obj\Debug\TaskQuest.Migrations.InitialMigration.resources
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\obj\Debug\TaskQuest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\TaskQuest.dll.config
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\TaskQuest.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\TaskQuest.pdb
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\obj\Debug\TaskQuest.dll
c:\Users\Aluno\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TaskQuest\TaskQuest\obj\Debug\TaskQuest.pdb
